# Transport NBI DT @ IETF 104 (March 27, 2019)  

## Agenda:  

1) Follow-up Open Issues  
2) Planning for next steps  

## Meeting Notes:  
 
### 1) Follow-up Open Issues  

#### 1.1) General Updates to the Applicability Document

Actions:

- Dan to check consistency of terminology ("Segment connection", "Trail" et el.)
- Dan to Reference Interconnection TE I-D (Farrel et al.)
- Italo to move generic text from 5.1.1 to 4.4
- Italo to move generic text from 5.2.2 to 5.2
- Sergio and Italo to update descriptions for TTP
- Italo to provide text for linear protection end-to-end, section 5.3.1
- Haomian to provide text, Dieter to review, for the description of segment protection in section 5.3.2

  It should be described that is a policy decision of single domain to apply specific protection for single domain (case of segmented )

- Haomian to provide text, Dieter to review, for section 5.4 (Notification)
   
  Discussion is assumed to based on RESTCONF (MPI - MDSC to PNCs)

- Italo and Daniel to review the Referecnes to avoid MISREF

- Michael & Haomian to review the whole document for general readability, based on next version 

- Italo and Dan: to move some key DT members from Acknlowledgement section to Contributors section

  Please make sure you ensure your affiliations and contact are accurate!   

Open Pull Requests in GitHub to submit your text proposals


#### 1.2) Review of GitHub Open Issues


[GitHub Pull #38](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/pull/38): Best effort 

[GitHub Issue #58](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/58): We think this is now described (in v05) and can be closed

[GitHub Issue #54](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/54): This will be spun out into a new effort

[GitHub Issue #51](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/51): Italo to followup on this issue

[GitHub Issue #50](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/50): We will add OTN BW info (see #38)

[GitHub Issue #49](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/49): See JSON Code 

[GitHub Issue #46](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/46): Dan to explicitly mention that alarm propagation is not in scope of this document. To be documented in management considerations section. 

[GitHub Issue #45](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/45): Italo will provide plug ID text

[GitHub Issue #41](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/41): Addressed in another document, so will be closed. 

[GitHub Issue #39](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/39): Appendix A text will be form basis of a new I-D in netmod WG

[GitHub Issue #31](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/31): See #28 above

[GitHub Issue #21](https://github.com/danielkinguk/transport-nbi/issues/21): We can now send the current version to MEF folks and let them now the work is nearing completion. This is an informal message, not an IETF Liaison  

### 2) Planning for next steps

Work plan for the WG LC:

1) All: Provide text proposals by April 29

2) Italo: Merge all the text proposals and complete text for section 5.3 by May 6

3) DT members: Review and comment the whole text by May 20

4) Daniel and Italo: Resolve comments by May 27

5) Daniel: Final editorial clean-up and upload the document ready for WG LC by June 1


## Note Takers  
- Daniel King
